Fix docs issues being flagged by new API Doctor version (#21736)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/user.md

|memberOf|[directoryObject](directoryobject.md) collection|The groups and directory roles that the user is a member of. Read-only. Nullable. Supports `$expand`. |
|messages|[message](message.md) collection|The messages in a mailbox or folder. Read-only. Nullable.|
|onenote|[onenote](onenote.md)| Read-only.|

> |onlineMeetings|[onlineMeeting](onlinemeeting.md) collection| **TODO: Add Description**|

Reviewer: To avoid the placeholder
```suggestion
|onlineMeetings|[onlineMeeting](onlinemeeting.md) collection| Information about a meeting, including the URL used to join a meeting, the attendees' list, and the description. |
```
